[DOC] Remove references to Grafana Agent (#5832)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/metrics-from-traces/service_graphs/service-graph-view.md

### Error rate example

> If you want to learn more about why `cortex.Ingester` has the highest error rates.

Author: ```suggestion
Let's say you want to learn more about why `cortex.Ingester` has the highest error rates.
```
